---
layout: post
title:  "Week 13 Update"
date:   2016-04-24 12:00:00
tags: [update]
---

## Current Status ##

### What did you do this past week? ###

This last week my partners and I finished up the last part of the IDB project.
I personally wrote in the search UI and all of the finishing front end touches,
and will be porviding help with the remining portions that we've yet to do for
the presentation.

### What's in your way? ###

The only thing reamining for our project is to get the presentation ready for
the last week of classes and to polish up the meteorite landings page.

### What will you do next week? ###

Next week I will be helping polish up the page which exercises the meteorite
landings API, as well as working together with the group to get our presentation
polished up and ready for when we present.

## Course Reflections ##

The course is coming to a close, which is nice, and the final project is all
but behind me now. I learned some things from the course but in the end believe
I had already had experience with everything that the class was designed to
teach, so I personally didn't get as much out of it as I would have liked. I'm
anxious to get the presentations out of the way and then tackle the last exam,
which I'm hoping will be a bit more straight-forward and in line with my skills
than the first.

## Tip of the week ##

My tip of the week this week is [react-router][router], a library for React
which helps build multi-page applications using only front-end logic. This was
incredibly useful for our team, as the frontend handled everything and just
called our API to get the data to genetate.

[router]: https://github.com/reactjs/react-router
