---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1 Update"
date:   2016-01-24 4:38:00
tags: [update]
---

This is my first class blog entry for CS 373, Software Engineering. I intend to
keep up with the weekly blogs for the entirety of the class.

## What did you do this past week? ##

This week was very light in terms of coursework. In the first day of class, we
went over the syllabus and what's expected of us in the course, and in the
second lecture we were given our first quiz over some basic python3, and then
went over the first project. I've gotten a good start on the first project,
finishing up the setup steps (creating my necessary github repo and Travis
accout), and done most of the initial coding required of us for the project.
I've been trying to do the github issues requied of the project as I go, being
my least favorite part of the project, which is made more difficult with how
small this project is. Having worked on large open source projects in the past,
I personally feel like a lot of the work I'm doing is a bit much for a project
of this size, though I do understand the value of it and how it will play into
the later projects.

## What's in your way? ##

Since we've only just started the course, there's not much in our way yet. I
expect to spend some more time this week on the first project but don't forsee
any complications as I work on it.

## What will you do next week? ##

Since I've already gotten a good start on the first project, all that I have
left to do is finish it up the coding and write more tests to verify
correctness, and to pass those tests off to the public class test repo. When I
started the project I gave myself an initial time estimate of 2 hours, and I
feel comfortable at about 30 minutes of work in I will be able to meet or beat
that estimate for this project.
