---
layout: post
title:  "Week 12 Update"
date:   2016-04-17 12:00:00
tags: [update]
---

## Current Status ##


### What did you do this past week? ###

This last week I reviewed the necessary work for the next phase of the project.
I got started on some of the UI work for the searching, and spent a lot of time
fixing our deplyment, since the Carina reboot hosed our setup. I ended up having
to delete the entire Docker cluster and recreate it, and then redeploy it. I
think they might have changed the version of Docker as well, since some things
seem to have changed in the way containers are built. Howevere, I was able to
power through it and finish up the re-build.

### What's in your way? ###

Currently I have no blockers, aside from work on the last part of the project.

### What will you do next week? ###

Next week I will work with my partners to finish the portion of the project. I
personally did a lot of the work for the last few projects, with respect to the
frontend, so I'm hopeing my other team members will step up to help out for
things like search and genreal content polishing. However, we shouldn't have too
much to do other than add in the last few features and consume another group's
API.

## Course Reflections ##

The course seems to have shifted completely to SQL, which is alright, though
slighly annoying since I have worked extensively with SQL and haven't really
been presented with any new knowledge in the topic.

## Tip of the week ##

My tip of the week this week is [kite][kite], a new pair-programming assistant
powered by AI and the internet, which provides helpful pieces of information as
you work on your code. Right now it's in beta and only works with python, but
for the things I've done with it and seen it do, it's very useful.

[kite]: https://kite.com/
