---
layout: post
title:  "Week 11 Update"
date:   2016-04-10 12:00:00
tags: [update]
---

## Current Status ##

### What did you do this past week? ###

This past week, my partners and I finished up part 2 of the IDB project,
including the necessary changes to the database. Not a lot of changes were
necessary from my part, beceause of the way I architected the frontend the first
time through. Most of the changes necessary were in the API / backend, and the
frontend just needed some general expansion to handle the new amount of data.

### What's in your way? ###

Currently nothing is in my way, and am ready to start the next phase of the
project.

### What will you do next week? ###

Next week, I hope to start on the next phase of the project to get a head start
and hopefully work through as much of it as possible.

## Course Reflections ##

Like many of my previous reflections, I've realized how much of the class seems
to revolve around python, but now it seems to be getting a larger emphases on
SQL. I've worked a lot with databases in the past, especially this more basic
stuff that's being taught in class, so I'm not overly engaged in the course
matter.

## Tip of the week ##

My tip of the week this week is [Tern][tern], an incredibly comprehensive code
analaysis engine for Javascript. It's really useful for larger projects since it
powers most autocomplete engine, such as [youcompleteme][youcompleteme] or
[atom-tern][atom-tern]. It's pretty involved to get setup but very awesome once
you do.

[tern]: http://ternjs.net
[youcompleteme]: https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe
[atom-tern]: https://github.com/tststs/atom-ternjs
